Sajana Weerakoon

WORK EXPERIENCE

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

TECHNICAL SKILLS

weerakoonsajana@gmail.com
+94 77 671 1444

2024 July - Present
DIPS AS, Norway | Creative Software
Senior Software Engineer
Developed RESTful services and microservices using ASP.NET Core Web APIs.
Developed client-side applications with Blazor framework, incorporating Razor, HTML, and CSS.
Managed CI/CD pipelines with TeamCity for efficient software deployment and continuous integration.
Implemented software design patterns, dependency injection, and SOLID principles for enhanced architecture.
Leveraged Azure DevOps for source control management and developer task tracking to streamline collaboration and project workflows.
Developed and implemented comprehensive integration test suites to maximize developer testing coverage.
Demonstrated expertise in working with Oracle databases for efficient data management and integration.

Sajana Weerakoon github.com/Sajana96
www.linkedin.com/in/sajana-weerakoon-5a2bb9176

Experienced software engineer with over 3 years of expertise in designing and implementing software solutions using C# and .NET/Blazor/ReactJS frameworks. Skilled in collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality applications and eager to contribute to impactful projects in a dynamic environment.

Languages & Frameworks: C#, .NET 6/8, .NET Framework 4.6.1, Windows services, Blazor, React with Redux
DevOps: Azure DevOps, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Argo CD, Octopus, Open Lens, CI/CD TeamCity pipelines, Nuget, Choco
Databases: Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB
Messaging & Realtime: RabbitMQ, SignalR, Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM), Apple Push Notification (APNS)
AI & Data: Python, Machine Learning
Methodologies: Git (Advanced workflows), TDD, Agile Scrum, Release Management

Software Engineer 2022 January - 2024 June
DIPS AS, Norway | Creative Software
Actively contributed to software architecture design for multiple client-facing, billable projects at DIPS AS, a leading eHealth systems provider in Norway.
Designed and implemented RabbitMQ message broker systems for seamless component communication.
Deployed services in a Kubernetes environment using Helm charts, Argo CD, and GitOps practices for streamlined and automated deployments.
Mentored junior developers, conducted technical training, and drove innovation in development methodologies and tools.

Key Achievements:
Optimized a .NET microservice consuming an Oracle database, improving system performance and scalability, resulting in a 40% increase in Transactions Per Second (TPS) and enhanced capacity to handle higher workloads.
Containerized legacy IIS and Windows Service applications, including WebAPIs, client applications, and microservices, that significantly enhanced infrastructure management efficiency for the customer support team.

Key Achievements:
Implemented real-time data progress bars for long-running tasks using SignalR, providing live updates that significantly enhanced user experience and engagement.

2020 August - 2021 March
DIPS AS Norway | Creative Software
Software Engineer - Intern 
Actively contributed to the development of software applications by writing, debugging, and testing code, ensuring alignment with project objectives and coding standards.
Identifying and fixing bugs and issues in existing codebases.
Writing and executing test cases to ensure that software is functioning correctly and meeting requirements.

SOFT SKILLS
Teamwork
Leadership
Problem-solving
Adaptability
Presentation

INTERESTS
Online Gaming
Traveling
Chess

EDUCATION
B. Sc. (Hons) in Management and Information Technology
University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka
GPA 3.64 (out of 4.0) Second Class Upper Division
2018 - 2022

Reading Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Associate (AZ-204)

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
2024 IELTS ACADEMIC - Overall Band Score 6.5
Listening - 6.5, Reading - 7, Writing - 6, Speaking - 7

LANGUAGE QUALIFICATIONS

PROJECTS
2020 IM Portal (Web Application) 
Knowledge sharing system created using MongoDB, ExpressJS, React and NodeJS (MERN Stack)

2020 - 2025 Notification Center for “Arena” Medical Record System
C# .NET 8.0, Blazor, Windows Services RabbitMQ, FCM/APNS, SignalR, Docker and Kubernetes
A desktop application to deliver RabbitMQ-powered push notifications for patients and practitioners, along with a mobile subscriber module supporting FCM/APNS-based push notifications.

2023 - 2025 Norwegian Address Registry Integration Service
C#, NET, Blazor, Oracle, SignalR
A synchronization application to poll updates from the Norwegian National Health Registers and update demographic information of communication parties, enabling subscription-based syncing across all hospitals.

2022 - 2024 Lab Data Sync with QCN
Oracle QRCN, .NET
Developed web applications to distribute patient-critical and medical information.
Utilized Oracle’s Queue Change Notification (QCN) feature, which monitors database changes and triggers event-based push notifications to the application in real time, ensuring timely delivery of critical updates.

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Member (Term 2018/19) of AIESEC in Colombo North, University of Kelaniya
Served in volunteer initiatives aligned with Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth) and 15 (Life on Land).

ACHIEVEMENTS
First Runners Up (Team) - Marketing Campaign Design Category ‘InCo 2019’ organized by the Department of Industrial Management, University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka

REFEREES - AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST